Fragmented a big commit. cg_drawBox.cpp additions. (#11)
kugelrund/Speed-Outcast: docs/console_additions.md

  Draw in BLUE, the boxes around items (include dropped weapons)

- `cg_drawBoxTriggers` : 0 or 1

  Render game triggers in the world with different colors depending on their type.
  Color code : 
  - Green : interactibles. Example : cairn_assembly cameras or buttons in kejim_post.
  - Orange : spawners (NPCs or items). Example : kejim_post, after the window jump.
  - Yellow : doors triggers. Example : everywhere.
  - Purple : secrets zone, checkpoints saves, mission update and level change.
  - Pink and blue : any kind of scripts. Example : doors in ns_streets when interacted with, will make a sound.
  - Red : disabled trigger. Example : after triggering the NPC spawn on kejim_post.
  - White : uncategorized. Example : the one runner are trying to access in artus_detention, making the door near the end level openable.

## Ingame NPC behavior, line of sight and pathing rendering

Variables: 

- `cg_drawLineOfSight` : 0 or 1

>   Draw a blue line that where every NPC is looking at.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Draw a blue line showing what every NPC is looking at.
```

  Will stop at the first collision encountered (includes player)

- `cg_drawNPCPath` : 0 or 1

>   Draw in orange, a line a box at where an NPC is trying to go to, a 'goal' destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Draw in orange, a line showing where an NPC is trying to go to, a 'goal' destination.
```

  These are `Accelerating`, `Optimal`, `CenterMarker` and `Speed`.
  Colors can be set more conveniently with the corresponding commands.

- `cg_drawVelocityVector` (0 or 1)

  Draw a 3D rectangle representing the current velocity vector of the player when moving in the world.

>   It's 3D length is 1/5 of the units values stored internally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  It's 3D length is 1/10 of the units values stored internally.
```
